Mr. Rong
Miss Shen came to see me today
Recent company
Rumors are everywhere about me killing Tiantian
You have to help me decide!
How can you prove that you were framed?
I think their goals are not just sweet
And I'm lucky I go fast
Otherwise, the baby in the belly will definitely be hurt.
That's because you knew in advance
That's why I left early
If I cooperate with Miss Shen
Then why impersonate him to plead guilty?
If this is what Miss Shen did
He is the one who contributes the money
Do you still need to cooperate with me?
Forever why did you encounter sweet things
Your brain has deteriorated
I'm angry.
Okay, I said that on purpose to test you
What about this?
You don't have to worry.
I'm already afraid that the people below will check it out.
As for the company rumors?
Don't worry, okay?
You said the rumor-monger
Could it be the beginning of mediocrity?
Nope.
I said you don't need to worry about this.
But until this matter is investigated clearly
Just be honest, okay?
Who is calling
Take it
Sister Canran
What's the matter, sister?
I was just with some classmates
Eat near your house
Just stopped by to see you
I'm downstairs of your house now.
Hurry up and open the door for me